                          DChat - Peer-To-Peer Chat over TOR 

    2014-08-08:
        DChat now supports configuration files! This means that on start
        of dchat the required command line options have not to be defined
        manually. Instead this options can be configured in the config
        file located at /usr/local/etc/dchat.conf. In this file the user
        can specify line-by-line required options, that shall be read
        from dchat on start. The syntax of an option line is as follows:
            Syntax:  <long-option-name> <option argument>
            Example: nickname Christoph
        
        Consider that the config file will be read additionally, which
        means if you specify required options in the command line, these
        will NOT be overwritten from those configured in the config file!

    2014-06-22:
        Huge changes have been applied to DChat. The protocol has been
        redesigned completely and will now only work within the TOR
        network for anonymously chatting. DChat now requires a hidden
        service to be configured first to accept connection requests 
        from the TOR network. Therefore the TOR package is required and 
        needs to be installed beforehand. More infomation on that topic
        can be found in the INSTALL file and in the man page of dchat.

    2014-06-22:
        When option `-r / --rport` but no option `-d / --dest` has 
        been specified, DChat will use the local listening ip address
        of the client and the remote port specified with `-r / --rport` 
        for connection.

    2014-06-21:
        Fixed bug that caused the client to execute the termination
        signal handler twice and therefore print "Good Bye" two times.
        User prompt is now colored yellow, while text messages from
        other users will be colored cyan.

    2014-06-20:
        DChat is now supporting short and long options using getopt.
        Available options can be found in the manpage.
