                          DChat - Peer-To-Peer Chat over TOR 

  What is it?
  -----------
  
    DChat is a chat client which utilizes peer to peer techniques in order to establish
    an anonymous decentral network of chat clients over TOR. For that purpose the DChat
    protocol  is  used which has a similar structure to HTTP and which is specified for
    the use with  TOR.  For  more  information  on  what  TOR  is,  follow  this  link:
    <https://www.torproject.org/about/overview.html.en>.  A detailed description of how
    the DChat protocol works can be found in the file called "PROTOCOL".

    This DChat client provides an in-chat command interpreter for  convenient  commands
    like  connecting  to  other  DChat  clients, listing of current contacts, and a lot
    more. Commands supported by this client can be found in the man page in section 
    "Commands".

    Since DChat is based on an  anonymous  decentral  network,  no  central  server  is
    required.  Therefore  as  long as there are clients within the network, the network
    will live. This means that, if implemented properly, the DChat protocol takes  care
    for  exchanging  contact  information between clients accross the network automati-
    cally. No user interaction is necessary. Furthermore since  DChat  will  only  work
    within the TOR network, the location of a user cannot tracked back and the user can
    chat anonymously.


  The Latest Version
  ------------------

    Details of the latest version probably most interesting for common users can be fo-
    und in the file called NEWS.
    The file ChangeLog will contain information about the latest source code changes.

  Documentation
  -------------

    The documentation available as of the date of this release is
    included in HTML format in the doc/ directory.

  Installation
  ------------

    Please see the file called INSTALL.

  Licensing
  ---------

    Please see the file called LICENSE.

  Cryptographic Software Notice
  -----------------------------

    This distribution may include software that has been designed for use
    with cryptographic software.  The country in which you currently reside
    may have restrictions on the import, possession, use, and/or re-export
    to another country, of encryption software.  BEFORE using any encryption
    software, please check your country's laws, regulations and policies
    concerning the import, possession, or use, and re-export of encryption
    software, to see if this is permitted.  See <http://www.wassenaar.org/>
    for more information.

  Contacts
  --------

     o If you have a concrete bug report for DChat please contact
       is121018@fhstp.ac.at
